
Blizzard's Rift.


Project started   20.11.2006 @ 19:10
Project completed 07.03.2007 @ 20:02


Loading:

The game requires 128K to run, so select the tape loader option from menu.



The story:

Many centuries ago, space adventurer Henri Latrine discovered a large number of
alien tombs in a distant corner of the galaxy.  Reports of the discoveries
spread rapidly, and embellished tales of his exploits were told in dens of
iniquity the length and breadth of the galaxy.  Before long, would-be tomb-
raiders and scavengers were out seeking the treasures of these famous catacombs
for themselves.

Alas, Latrine himself never lived to enjoy these riches as he disappeared
without trace while exploring the tombs.  With tens of thousands of stars in
that particular corner of the galaxy, none of the tombs were seen again.  As
decades rolled by, rumours circulated that the tombs never existed.  Latrine's
story passed into legend and finally into myth.

Centuries later, a down-on-his-luck bounty hunter named Digby Blizzard is
passing through the uninhabited star system of Scopwick when he picks up a faint
distress signal.  Believing there may be a reward in it, Digby answers the call
and discovers the wreckage of a craft which appears to have crashed centuries
earlier.   To his astonishment, Digby realises it is the wreck of Latrine's
legendary exploration ship, The Hainoure.  Unable to believe his luck, he
salvages what he can from the craft.  Most of the ancient wreckage is beyond
repair, but the black box flight recorder is still functional and reveals the
exact location of every system and every planet Latrine visited all those
centuries ago.


The game:

Select the star system using the clockwise and anticlockwise controls, then
press fire to bring up a map of the selected system.  Select the planet using
the same controls.  Planets previously visited are shown in black, while
unexplored planets are white.  The magenta circle takes you back to the star
selection screen.

Once the destination planet is selected, you will need to travel there.
Fortunately, an advanced ion drive means no fuel is spent in doing so.  Journeys
within a system are short and you will be taken to the planet automatically by
your navigation computer.  However, travelling between star systems takes a
little while.  Scavengers and bandits may be encountered along the way and while
these pose no threat to your vessel there is a small reward for any you destroy.

Upon arrival, you will find yourself at the site of an alien tomb.  These are
guarded by gun turrets and sometimes by patrolling sentries too.  Be quick,
destroy anything hostile and avoid contact with walls.  Collect as many precious
gems as possible, then find the teleporter and leave.  Once you have found the
teleported you will be taken back to the star system navigation screen to select
your next destination.  Be warned, in visiting a planet you betray the
whereabouts of its tomb.  Should you revisit it later you may find that
scavengers have removed any treasure you have left.

Fuel will quickly be depleted your engines while navigating around tombs.  To
replenish supplies or improve your ship you can order items from the outernet
shop.  To do this press pause ( the border colour should change from black to
blue), then press fire.  Select the items you wish to purchase using the
clockwise/anticlockwise controls, then press fire.  Delivery is instantaneous
via inter-dimensional trebuchet.  Once you are happy with your purchases, select
Done to log off.  Press the pause key again to resume the game.

There is one other way of earning and losing credit in this lawless corner of
the universe, as Latrine's black box reveals the location of an establishment he
often visited.  That, however, is where you are on your own...



Control is via the following keys:

9 Rotate anticlockwise
0 Rotate clockwise
2 Thrust
M Fire/Shop
H Pause

These keys may be changed by selecting the Redefine Keys option from the main
menu.  Alternatively, use a joystick connected via a Kempston or Sinclair
interface.


Tips:

Take it slowly and steadily, practice makes perfect.
Try to attack gun turrets from below as they only have a 180 degree range.
Booster rockets make it easier to navigate, but burn fuel more quickly.



Have fun, and don't forget to report any bugs you find!

http://members.fortunecity.com/jonathan6/egghead/index.html
